Revise the /developer section (#63)
drand/website: docs/developer/http-api.md

All that's required is the address of the HTTP interface and way to fetch from HTTP, e.g. `curl`.

## Public endpoints

> The public [League of Entropy](https://blog.cloudflare.com/league-of-entropy/) HTTP APIs are available at:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The public [League of Entropy](https://leagueofentropy.com/) HTTP APIs are available at:
```

Author: @jsoares I these around because I think we will need to change all these links in bulk (and it's not the scope of this PR). We will have to discuss what to link, if anything.

Reviewer: "Revise the /developer section" is a pretty broad scope but sure, we can have a separate PR.
